Reflection 0:

So far this class has seemed to really hit the ground running, in a good way.  It's great to already be on a team and have a general idea of where the ball is rolling.  The team formation process itself happened very fluidly for me - a matter of conversation formed during the exercise where we stood by signs with different topics in the software systems space and had conversations about the topic that was of interest to us.  Essentially what happened is that a few others and myself were talking about embedded systems and we realized it was a common interest to all of us.  We also quickly learned that we were all in the same boat as far as experience (or more correctly, lack thereof) with C.  From there we had a quick discussion at which point there was a clear consensus that the audio synthesizer seemed like the best first project to help us become familiar with C, at which point we could branch out into a more embedded systems type project.  We also had a discussion early on about learning goals, but because this whole software systems space is new to us, we really do not have any specific goals beyond learning C, of course with the idea that once we 'see what it's all about' our learning goals will solidify.  We initially decided on a scrum master by simply asking if anyone wanted to do it, at which point Ian volunteered.  Since then though, Ian dropped the class so we currently do not have a scrum master - to be fixed soon!.  Division of responsibilities has not happened specifically yet because all of the preliminary tasks have not been completed yet (we all decided that we should all just read at least the first chapter of Head First C before moving on with distributing other tasks, that way we know what all is involved in each task.  As for what to include and what not to include, we really just had a very open discussion where people voiced ideas and unless there was any opposition we included them.  The only thing I am really not sure about at this point is just that my lack of knowledge/experience with C means that I have no idea what to expect as a 'reasonable' amount of work and I don't know what directions to take the project.  What I do know though is that I am excited to learn about it and I know the path to finding a path forward!
